# Introduction

This is a work-in-progress choose your own adventure story that is
quite silly and also years in the making.

# Backstory

> Far out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end of the
> western spiral arm of the Galaxy lies a small unregarded yellow
> sun. Orbiting this at a distance of roughly ninety-two million miles
> is an utterly insignificant little blue green planet whose
> ape-descended life forms are so amazingly primitive that they still
> think digital watches are a pretty neat idea.

   --- Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy

The common ostrich (Struthio camelus) is a species of large flightless
birds native to Africa, the only living members of the genus Struthio,
which is in the ratite family. The ostrich shares the order
Struthioniformes with the kiwis, emus, rheas, and
cassowaries. However, phylogenetic studies have shown that it is the
basal extant member of Palaeognathae and is thus equally closely
related to flighted tinamous.

In 2014, the Somali ostrich (Struthio molybdophanes) was recognized as
a distinct species. In 2193, the first cybernetic ostrich (Struthio
Bockhockids) was created and named after Bradshaw's 1892 novel The
Goddess of Atvatabar. In 2333, the first completely robotic ostrich
was created on Earth then shipped to a high-tech space zoo on Gliese
832c. This one and only robotic ostrich's name is Jimmy Clark.

The diet of the common ostrich consists mainly of plant matter. It is
distinctive in its appearance, with a long neck and legs, and can run
at up to about 43mph, the fastest land speed of any bird. If cornered,
it can attack with a kick of its powerful legs.

As a robot ostrich, Jimmy consumes electricity generated by the small
nuclear reactor that is his heart. His appearance closely resembles
the common ostrich, though much much shinier. He is capable of running
so fast that he breaks the sound barrier (767.269 mph). If cornered,
Jimmy's kick is powerful enough to warp a 3" thick sheet of solid
titanium.

Jimmy, now 12 years old, is coming of age. He misses his original
Earth family and wants to go back home in time for Christmas ---
tomorrow! Gliese 832c is 16 light years from Earth. The only way to
efficiently travel back to Earth is via the nearby Einstein-Rosen
bridge, a common Wormhole capable of transporting anyone back to Earth
instantaneously. Jimmy's quest: find a way to enter the wormhole by
midnight tonight.

# In short...

|||
|:-|:-|
| Name:       | Jimmy Clark                            |
| Physiology: | Robotic Ostrich                        |
| Location:   | High-tech Space Zoo                    |
| Date:       | December 24th, 2345                    |
| Goal:       | Escape the prison and return to Earth! |

# Begin the Adventure!

[Act I, The Cage](./acts/act1/start.md)
