===========================================================================
Facts
===========================================================================

Name: Jimmy Clark

Physiology: Robotic Ostrich

Location: High-tech Space Zoo

Date: December 24th, 2345

Goal: Escape the prison and return to Earth!


===========================================================================
Backstory
===========================================================================

> Far out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end of the
> western spiral arm of the Galaxy lies a small unregarded yellow
> sun. Orbiting this at a distance of roughly ninety-two million miles
> is an utterly insignificant little blue green planet whose
> ape-descended life forms are so amazingly primitive that they still
> think digital watches are a pretty neat idea."

   --- Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy

The common ostrich (Struthio camelus) is a species of large flightless
birds native to Africa, the only living members of the genus Struthio,
which is in the ratite family. The ostrich shares the order
Struthioniformes with the kiwis, emus, rheas, and
cassowaries. However, phylogenetic studies have shown that it is the
basal extant member of Palaeognathae and is thus equally closely
related to flighted tinamous.

In 2014, the Somali ostrich (Struthio molybdophanes) was recognized as
a distinct species. In 2193, the first cybernetic ostrich (Struthio
Bockhockids) was created and named after Bradshaw's 1892 novel The
Goddess of Atvatabar. In 2333, the first completely robotic ostrich
was created on Earth then shipped to a high-tech space zoo on Gliese
832c. This one and only robotic ostrich's name is Jimmy Clark.

The diet of the common ostrich consists mainly of plant matter. It is
distinctive in its appearance, with a long neck and legs, and can run
at up to about 43mph, the fastest land speed of any bird. If cornered,
it can attack with a kick of its powerful legs.

As a robot ostrich, Jimmy consumes electricity generated by the small
nuclear reactor that is his heart. His appearance closely resembles
the common ostrich, though much much shinier. He is capable of running
so fast that he breaks the sound barrier (767.269 mph). If cornered,
Jimmy's kick is powerful enough to warp a 3" thick sheet of solid
titanium.

Jimmy, now 12 years old, is coming of age. He misses his original
Earth family and wants to go back home in time for
Christmas --- tomorrow! Gliese 832c is 16 light years from Earth. The
only way to efficiently travel back to Earth is via the nearby
Einstein-Rosen bridge, a common Wormhole capable of transporting
anyone back to Earth instantaneously. Jimmy's quest: find a way to
enter the wormhole by midnight tonight.


==========================================================================
Act I, The Cage
==========================================================================

Jimmy awakens in his cage at Gliese 832c's High-tech Space Zoo. It is
the early morning of December 24th, 2345. Jimmy is hungry.

   1A) Look around
   1B) Activate nuclear reactor for breakfast
   1C) Go back to sleep

1A: Jimmy looks once more at his old cage, kept clean by the many
terrestrial flying cleaner fish employed by the zoo. In the corner he
sees his trusty toothbrush.

   2A) Take toothbrush
   1B) Activate nuclear reactor for breakfast
   2C) Make a mess

1B: Remembering that breakfast is the most important meal of the day,
Jimmy activates his nuclear reactor, filling his energy reserves to
maximum. He is ready for the day!

   1A) Look around

1C: Jimmy falls back to sleep. Because he did not replenish his energy
supply, he sleeps for the rest of the day, missing Christmas and
failing miserably at his quest.

Game over. Play again?

Goto Act I

2A) Jimmy picks up his trusty toothbrush.

   1B) Activate nuclear reactor for breakfast
   2B) Brush teeth

2B: Fun fact: Lacking teeth, ostriches swallow pebbles that act as
gastroliths to grind food in their gizzard. So...why does Jimmy need a
toothbrush?

   1B) Activate nuclear reactor for breakfast

2C: Fed up with living in a cage that is too clean for a pre-teen,
Jimmy decides to make a mess. He hops around the cage scattering his
many things everywhere. Yes. His _many many_ things. This blatant
display of aggression and messiness alert the cleaning fish who
promptly open the cage door and start to clean.

   3A) Make a run for it
   3B) Wait patiently for the cleaner fish to finish cleaning the cage

3A: Jimmy makes a run for the door, which, given how fast he can run,
means he easily escapes.

Goto Act II

3B: Jimmy waits patiently for the cleaner fish to finish cleaning his
cage. Unfortunately, they spend all day cleaning (they are very slow),
leaving the door wide open the whole time. When the last fish finishes
cleaning for the day, leaving and closing the cage door, Jimmy wonders
why he didn't take his only chance to escape. Oh well, there'll be
Christmas again next year.

Jimmy failed miserably at his quest.

Game over. Play again?

Goto Act I

==========================================================================
Act II, The Zoo
==========================================================================

0a. Jimmy's running at the speed of sound as he exits the cage. What
should jimmy do next?

1a. Slow down

1b. Stop on dime

1c. close eyes keep running 

1d. eat sauerkraut


1a.You were seen by security guards......

CRUMBS!!!! What do you do?


2a.stick head in hole 

2b. Start throwing a tantrum

2c. Kick the security guards

2d. Run run run as fast you can and pretend you're the gingerbread man


1b. You stopped on the dime what do you do?

3a. pick it up

1a. keep running

1c. Why run with your eyes closed when you could instead stick your
head in a hole? It's the same amount of dark and doesn't require any
energy.

Go to 2a

1d. While you were eating sauerkraut you realized that sauerkraut is
poisonous to your kind, of which you are the only one, you die
immediately, don't get to go home for Christmas, and failed your life.

2a. Uh oh..... you just realized you stuck your head into a pit of tar
and burn to death. Luckily you will be fossilized for future
scientists going to eat pie.

2b. Thinking you are just a screaming child, what oblivious security
guards, they leave you alone.


Go to Act III


2c.  Ow...... poor security guards, you killed the security guards
with your very powerful kicks, and were imprisoned for murder for
life, you have failed to get home for Christmas for this year and any
other year.


2d. You pretend you are the gingerbread man and run, run, run, but you
realize you will see your arch nemesis, the fox so you?.

1c. Put your head in a hole

1d. eat sauerkraut because it's delicious 

3b. keep calm and trust it will be ok


3a You pick up the dime and you see what? 

0a. heads

4a. Tails


3b. You keep calm by doing some quick mind meditation and move on with
your gingerbread ways, and mind in your head what the book says about
outfoxing the fox, but when you come beak to snout with the fox...you
awaken. What a crazy dream!

Go to Act I


4a. After picking up the dime, you see tails and continue running. You
pass the path of 13 black cats and dark thoughts of bad luck go
through your mind. Tails is never good.

Go to 0a

Act III- get to spaceport


0a. As get your act together after having one heck of a tantrum, but
luckily letting you escape the zoo, you know the next step in your
journey is to find transportation to the spaceport.

What do you do?

1a.Flag down a intergalactic planetarium space taxi

1b.Run real, real fast


1a.When you flag down the nearest taxi, driver asks for payment, you
ask him how much and he responds with a dime, or 10 cents.

If you have the dime go to 2a

No dime either 1b. or re enters Act II


1b. You run very fast, you don't even notice where you are going
anymore. You find yourself sprinting at the speed of sound up a
ramp. When you get on the edge of the ramp, what do you do?

3a. Totally Freeze 

3b. Jump

3c. Use toothbrush 


2a. You get in the taxi and the driver asks where you want to go, where do you want to go?

4a. Wormhole

4b. Spaceport 

4a. Earth

Act II Back to the Zoo


3a. You totally froze for 698360750 years and missed Christmas.


3b. You achieve orbit and circle planet helpless for the rest of your life.


3c. If you have tooth brush, you are confused and trip on the ramps
and land on space port.

Go to 4b


4a. Sorry bud, I can't go that far 

Go to 2a


4b. Ok you have arrived at the spaceport


Act IV- get to the worm hole


0a. The space port is big and filled with lots of people trying to get
home for the holidays. You ask for a ticket for earth. The man replies
with when, when do you want to go to Earth.

1a. Never

1b. NOW

1c. Next Friday


1a. The man says what are doing in this line then

Go to 0a


1b. Sorry bud, with the holidays all tickets going to earth today are
sold out, the last one was just sold to the little old woman over
there.

What will you do? 


2a. go to little old lady

2b. hit the man 

2c. Throw a tantrum



1c. The man replies with that will be $147,678,534,905,760,813,325.99,
but you don't have any money.

Go to 0a


2a. You go to the little old lady and you see the ticket, but she is
sleeping.


2b. Steal the ticket and run

3b. Wait paintiently for the lady to wake

3c. Wake her up


2b. The airport security surround you and take you back to your cage.

Go to Act I


2c. The ticket man ignores you and the little old lady walks up to you and asks what's wrong.


2b. Steal her ticket and run

4a. Tell her your problem 


3b. As to your luck the lady wakes up with fifteen minutes before the
plane takes off. What do you do?

4b. Ask her for ticket

4c. Brush your teeth

2b. Steal ticket and run


3c. She gets scared when you wake her up and hits you with her
suitcase causing you to go into a 2 day blackout. You wake up in the
zoo infermery seeing that it is December 26 missing Christmas.


4a. After telling the old little lady your problem she feels bad for
you and lets you have her ticket.

Go to Act V


4b. She replies "Why, I would never give my ticket to a random stranger!"

Go to 3b


4c. You take out your trusty toothbrush thinking now is as good as any
time to brush your teeth. The old lady's eyes grow wide she asks is
that an original ______________ toothbrush. You reply yes she asks if
you would trade your toothbrush for her ticket and her glasses.

What do you say

4d. Yes 

4c. No


4d. You take the ticket and glasses and give her the toothbrush and
thank her for ticket and glasses.

Go to Act V


Act V - find plane and board it
 
As we read the ticket we notice it says enter gate A-13 and we will
board the purple plane. The plane leaves in two minutes.


he pain try everyone and he has electricity and electrifies the ticket
booth and the man flies him to earth.

he has thunder, Shrink ray, paint, dog, unicorn biscuits.

He meets a unicorn biscuit but it real it tries to eat him but he
shrinks it then he gives it to his dog.

Dogs name is CeCe.

Takes wrong plane and they take him to doggie world earth and he hides
all the unicorn biscuits.

Then he's goes to unicorn world then he goes to real world.

Flies in unicorn plane then he sees ostrich plane he drives ostrich
plane but he hides unicorn biscuits.

Nobody to drive the ostrich plane because they are sleeping.

Santa clause was an ostrich.

Now CeCe is an elf in disguise.

Change his strawberry pie turners into blueberry pie Santa turns the
pie.

They call Santa only comes because ommmmmmmiiii aaaasahhhooooo call.

